Songs
Songs write instructions here
Your next challenge is to perform a song however you like, but without lyrics! Go to the next page to see the details, without showing the other players - Bohemian Rhapsody, Queen 2
Your next challenge is to perform a song however you like, but without lyrics! Go to the next page to see the details, without showing the other players - Gangman Style, Psy 3
Your next challenge is to perform a song however you like, but without lyrics! Go to the next page to see the details, without showing the other players - Stad i Ljus, Tommy Körberg 5
Your next challenge is to perform a song however you like, but without lyrics! Go to the next page to see the details, without showing the other players - Africa, Toto 3
Your next challenge is to perform a song however you like, but without lyrics! Go to the next page to see the details, without showing the other players - The Lithuanian national anthem 14
Your next challenge is to perform a song however you like, but without lyrics! Go to the next page to see the details, without showing the other players - The theme song from How I Met Your Mother 4
Your next challenge is to perform a song however you like, but without lyrics! Go to the next page to see the details, without showing the other players - The theme song from The Big Bang Theory 2
Your next challenge is to perform a song however you like, but without lyrics! Go to the next page to see the details, without showing the other players - Twinkle Twinkle Little Star 2
Your next challenge is to perform a song however you like, but without lyrics! Go to the next page to see the details, without showing the other players - I'll Be There For You, The Rembrandts 3
Your next challenge is to perform a song however you like, but without lyrics! Go to the next page to see the details, without showing the other players - What Does The Fox Say, Ylvis 3
Your next challenge is to perform a song however you like, but without lyrics! Go to the next page to see the details, without showing the other players - Sandstorm, Darude 4
Your next challenge is to perform a song however you like, but without lyrics! Go to the next page to see the details, without showing the other players - Fairytale of New York, The Pogues 5
Your next challenge is to perform a song however you like, but without lyrics! Go to the next page to see the details, without showing the other players - Four Seasons, Vivaldi 9
Your next challenge is to perform a song however you like, but without lyrics! Go to the next page to see the details, without showing the other players - Party Rock Anthem, LMFAO 4
Your next challenge is to perform a song however you like, but without lyrics! Go to the next page to see the details, without showing the other players - Levels, Avicii 3
Your next challenge is to perform a song however you like, but without lyrics! Go to the next page to see the details, without showing the other players - Blackbird, The Beatles 5
Your next challenge is to perform a song however you like, but without lyrics! Go to the next page to see the details, without showing the other players - Greyhound, Swedish House Mafia 7